feat(CI/nix): init docs on CI and add pre-commit hooks (#1972)
holochain/holochain: .github/workflows/check_run_detect_release_pr_failure.md

# check_run_detect_release_pr_failure.yml

> Intentifies new branches created with `releas-` prefix and warns users about this in mattermost:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Intentifies new branches created with `release-` prefix and warns users about this in mattermost:
```

> Intentifies new branches created with `releas-` prefix and warns users about this in mattermost:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Identifies new branches created with `release-` prefix and warns users about this in mattermost:
```
